HCL and Verizon India Interview Questions
Testing
What is Testing
What is Quality
What metric do you use to check the quality in Deliverables?
How many test cases can write for a username text box on Web Page? which should accept Email with alphanumeric

Cucumber
What is Feature file
How do you run Feature file in Cucumber?
What are the gherkin language commands?
What is scenario Outline what is the difference between Scenario and Scenario Outline
How BDD used POM concept in Automation
How Data-driven approach can implement using BDD.

Java Coding
Find duplicate words\Strings in Array
WP to Separate Digits, Letters and Special Characters from a given string
WP to find the biggest value in Array
WP to find repeated elements in Array
When to use interface in Selenium. Same Abstract Class.
What is Polymorphism how to do you implement using Selenium Web driver?
WP to find given string is palindrome using Recursive method. 
WP to generate Fibonacci numbers for less than a given number.
How do you get a letter from a given string?
How do you get Capital letters from given String the position of letters are keep changing?

Selenium 
What is Stale Element exception when do expect the exception.
How do you get a list of elements from drop down list?
How many way's Elements address can be recorded?
What is Synchronization in Selenium? How do you achieve
How do you communicate to node system from HUB? How your code will be delivered to Node.
How do you invoke browser in Node system?
What is wrapper Class?
Why WebDriver is an Interface.
Why Firefox is slower than chrome what is the core reason.
How Selenium Web driver talks to the browser.
What is the use of Chrome.exe even chrome is installed in the system?
Why some test execution fails when working with different browser's which were successful using another browser.

REST API
What is REST API
What is the difference between REST API and Soap?
How to Automate REST API in Selenium.
Does REST API is part of selenium?
What is the status code of 200 and 201?
What is POJO Class what is the use of it?
Tell me all 4XX series status codes.
How do you ensure request is posted in REST API?
What is header in REST API Request? what are the details user need to pass in Header?
How do read JSON Response?

General 
There are 1000 automated Test cases how to ensure test execution performance improve in future run compare to the first run.
